Release Document Retrieve Endpoint (#227)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-04.mdx

title: Changelog | April, 2024
---

## Function Call Input in Test Cases

> Workflows support Function Call values as a valid output type. Because these function calls often come from models, it is valuable to have evaluations on these workflows that ensure that the function call output is what we expect. Test suites in Vellum now support specifying test case input and evaluation values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows support Function Call values as a valid output type. Because these function calls often come from models, it is valuable to have evaluations on these workflows that ensure that the function call output is what we expect. Test Suites in Vellum now support specifying Function Calls as values in Test Cases.
```
